Show create OS for both Debian and Ubuntu (#1838)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_creating-an-operating-system-for-debian.adoc

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts > Operating Systems*.
. Click *Create Operating System* to create an operating system entry for {os_name}.
. Enter `{os_name} {os_major}` as *Name* for the operating system.
Choose a name as reported by Ansible, Puppet, or Salt as fact.
. Set the *Major Version* to `{os_major}` and omit the *Minor Version*.
ifeval::["{os_name}" == "Ubuntu"]
+
[CAUTION]
====

> If you set a minor version, you cannot provision hosts running Ubuntu 22.04 using Autoinstall.

Reviewer: You actually can (and should) set a minor version, but it must be set correctly.
For example with `Ubuntu 20.04`, some users would set `20` as a major and `04` as a minor. But it must be `20.04` as a major and then the corresponding sub-releases as a minor (e.g. `1`, `2`, `3`..). Starting with `Ubuntu 20.04.3`, the new Autoinstall mechanism must be used and we evaluate the major/minor field in order to identify this.
So, I would suggest something like the following:

```suggestion
If you create an operating system entry for Ubuntu in {Project}, it is important to pay attention to the versioning. For example in Ubuntu 20.04, the major field must be set to 20.04. Only in case of a follow-up release like 20.04.3, the major version is kept as 20.04 and the minor version is set to 3.
```

> If you set a minor version, you cannot provision hosts running Ubuntu 22.04 using Autoinstall.

Reviewer 2: You actually can (and should) set a minor version, but it must be set correctly.
For example with `Ubuntu 20.04`, some users would set `20` as a major and `04` as a minor. But it must be `20.04` as a major and then the corresponding sub-releases as a minor (e.g. `1`, `2`, `3`..). Starting with `Ubuntu 20.04.3`, the new Autoinstall mechanism must be used and we evaluate the major/minor field in order to identify this.
So, I would suggest something like the following:

```suggestion
If you create an operating system entry for Ubuntu in {Project}, it is important to pay attention to the versioning. For example in Ubuntu 20.04, the major field must be set to 20.04. Only in case of a follow-up release like 20.04.3, the major version is kept as 20.04 and the minor version is set to 3.
```

> {Project} uses the major version to assemble the path for the ISO image, for example `/var/www/html/pub/installation_media/{os_name}/{os_major}-x86_64/`.

Reviewer 3: `/var/www/html/pub` is Katello-only.

Reviewer: I would even suggest removing this line. Otherwise, if you want to keep an argument for the statement above, use the following:

```suggestion
Depending on the major/minor version, {Project} searches at a different path for the boot files in the Installation Media. Especially for Ubuntu/Debian, the path is different according to the operating system version. 
```

Reviewer 2: I would even suggest removing this line. Otherwise, if you want to keep an argument for the statement above, I'd suggest the following:

```suggestion
Depending on the major/minor version, {Project} searches at a different path for the boot files in the Installation Media. Especially for Ubuntu/Debian, the path is different according to the operating system version. 
```

Author: Reworded.
